Not yellow, Dahuang repair test is true and false. Test wide important evidence.
This is the best proof of the true Dahuang Xiu.
This time, I'm sure there won't be one.
There is no final test machine.
No wonder, it is a secret price, and if you lose it, you can escape it at any time.
It turned out to be a fake. Could it be?
You really are not Dahuang Xiu.
This cannot be reported. Look, everyone, you are not very disciplined.
Quit just now, quit just now.
He quit just now, and he just quit again. Who didn't.
But if everyone tells me about Huang Zi’s identity
I still have to prove myself
Then I am the only one who is Huang tight
The only one in the Huang family is also here
rush to go and leave more
Feihua Shao said
Don't come here, Brother Fufu
It is indeed false
Fei Xiao for everyone’s own use
I don't have this kind of regularity
I have to keep pretending to be who I am
But this one is blamed on me.
I will definitely help you find the real culprit then.
Show it to you today
Did everyone see it?
He is indeed a fake
This time you kill me Huangxiu
Replacing the public
You are the heart of the army
you are a fake
How could there be too much?